hello I'm Amelia sarah and i'm so
excited to share with you one of my
family's favorite soup recipes spicy
cauliflower soup hair with Sarah Carmelo
Chardonnay these recipes of 16 people
for a smaller batch cut the ingredients
in half I'm using two heads of
cauliflower cut in Florence to medium
sized russet potatoes cut in cubes to
chopped onions to chat needs 16 cloves
of garlic finely minced 1 serrano pepper
finely chopped olive oil and salt and
pepper to taste first I'll start by
sautéing the onions the leeks the garlic
and the serrano pepper together in four
tablespoons of olive oil
it's been five minutes next I'll add the
minced garlic and salt and pepper to
taste now I will add the cauliflower the
potatoes and 16 cups of chicken broth if
you want to cut the batch in half just
use 8 cups of chicken broth almost there
cover it and cook it for 15 minutes or
until the cauliflower is tender this is
one of my favorite recipes especially
when the weather gets cold and the very
last step is blending the ingredients
together
the aroma is intoxicating I've been
waiting all day to try this soup first
garnish it with a little bit of chopped
cilantro then try it with Sarah
single-vineyard cognitive Chardonnay I
selected our 07 vintage and it's a
barrel fermented sir eh for nine months
non mallow it's clean and crisp it
should be perfect with this creamy soup
so let's try it has a little bit of a
kick just perfect thanks for tuning in
until next time salud
you